GENERAL:
This is the prototyp of the AV2 patcher for modding purposes.
Currently it contains only windows script files and the patching files.
It shouldn't be too difficult to adopt the scripts to other OS's.

PREREQUISITES:
Make sure to check the "Add to path" checkbox if there is one:
-git https://git-scm.com/downloads
-dotnet https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework/thank-you/net481-developer-pack-offline-installer
Should be installed:
-ilspycmd Automatically installed if dotnet is installed
-tar Included in the current version of Windows 10 and newer

INSTRUCTIONS:
Make sure that you installed the latest versions and added it to the path.
Copy this folder directly in the AV2 folder if your game location is admin restricted chose a different location. You need to copy all your game files to do so (For example to the Desktop).
Open the "Mods" folder
Execute intitialize.bat. You need to do this step only once
Drop the *.patch files into the "Mods" folder.
If you add/remove a *.patch file you need to execute the patchGame.bat to add it to your game.
If you want to undo all of it execute the restoreGame.bat.

ADVANCED:
Behind the scenes we are decompiling the AV2.exe changing some code and recompiling it again.
The patches are applied to a git repository with the decompiled source, which is located in the temp folder.
The backup of the original AV2.exe is in the backup.
In the default git configuration there are two tags for the unmodified source and the compileable source.
The patches are applied consecutively ontop of the master/Start.
If you want to create a Mod it is recommended to create a new branch with the name of the mod.
To improve the experience there are two scripts.
createPatch.bat creates a new patchfile from the difference between the current HEAD and the master/Start and names it accordingly to the branch.
refinePatch.bat switches to the master/Start and patches the source with the specified file from this folder.
Furthermore it creates a new branch with the respective name.